What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialise a repository with "git init" it creates a directory ".git". 
	The dot infront means it's hidden, as you won't be editing or looking into this
	directory. Instead when you make "git commits" and other changes, the history
	of the project gets stored in the .git folder.

	You need to do this in order for git to start tracking changes to files in your 
	working directory. Note that the initial "git init" command doesn't actually
	make a commit for you. This is because 
		* If it did so automatically you couldn't write a message associated with 
			the commit
		* You may not want to track ALL the files in the directory. For example it 
			may contain .c files which you want to track, but in addition .o or .exe
			files which aren't important to the project (nobody edits these files, 
			the compiler does it automatically)


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory is just the files that I can currently view and edit. Just
	like a normal directory in windows/linux. The repository contains the history of
	all the files in the working directory. This history is stored in a hidden 
	folder .git within the working directory. The staging area is different to both
	of these because it's basically a list of files in the working directory that 
	you want to be recorded in the next git commit. It adds value by allowing me to 
	specifiy which files I want to be added in the next commit. With this it is 
	easier to split the commits into logically distinct transactions - for example
	my first commit might only be the test_main.py file, because I'm doing test 
	driven development where tests are written before the code. This is logically 
	distinct from the code itself, so I would add test_main.py to the staging area, 
	main.py might exist in the working directory but I don't want that added in this 
	first commit. Commiting this first change I might have a commit message like 
	"made a test file to run code against". Afterwards I would add main.py to the
	staging area, then commit that change with a message "added first function to 
	main"


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?

	By adding only files that belong to a logical grouping (eg. all files related to
	adding colour to a program) to the staging area we can commit only the changes
	reflected in those files - and hence commit only changes related to eg. adding
	colour.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches are helpful by labelling specific commits with a useful name, eg. by 
	creating a branch v1.0 for the first deliverable version of your software. They
	can act as milestones basically. By making new branches to test out experimental 
	code or designs we can still work on our "main" branch, so that if friend's come
	over to view what we're doing we can still show them the main program, while we 
	could have been making drastic changes in the experimental branch that would 
	make the game not ready to try and play yet.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Help visualise what has happened in each branch with short commit messages, 
	where each branch diverge (and possibly merge), what part of the history each
	branch (label) points to, and what commits are possibly unreachable if you don't
	save a new branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in 
the diagram the way we do?

	Mergine two branches together results in the currently checked out branch being
	updated. It contains all the edits of both branches, which is possible because
	git has the history of each branch's file, so it can determine what their 
	original state was, and what lines were added and deleted from this in the two 
	branches. 

	It's good to represent these branches in the diagram because it is easy to see
	what commits are the parents of each, which shows what content each commit had
	to begin with before making changes. When we merge the branches the git log only
	shows commits in chronological order, but there may be many different logical
	steps between two branches commited 1 time step apart. Hence this branch diagram
	is a way to show the LOGICAL progression of the code, not the chronological.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges 
manually?

	Automatically merging different parts of the text file are great because they're
	going to be different parts of the code. Manually merging them however makes it
	so that the programmer has to understand the conflict changes, eg. do these 
	pieces of code actually do the same thing or not? This way the programmer can 
	decide how to combine two different files into one, and makes it less likely 
	that the code is semantically incorrect.